[Music]
Elizabeth Taylor as Cleopatra siren of
the Nile her stunning beauty and
notorious intrigue
turned the tide of civilization
entertaining her objectives Cleopatra
has been known to employ torture poison
and even her own sexual talents which
are said to be considerable Richard
Burton as Mark Antony thank impetuous
leader of one's invincible region
dreaded adversary on the field of battle
[Music]
but upon in the arms of this woman all
that I should ever want to hold will be
don't want you to forget me forget oh I
can never be more far away from this
wreck Harrison as Julius Caesar who
ruled half the world by sheer might
those ballistas need eliminating another
turtle
[Music]
but Caesars dream of conquest included
the ambitious Cleopatra at his side do
what you say literally as if I was
something you had conquered if I choose
to regard you as such am I to understand
them did you feel free to do with me
whatever you want whenever you want yes
I want that understood
[Music]
I will what on your knees you dare ask
the proconsul of Rome I asked it of
Julius Caesar I demanded of you
I have no son I will bear many children
high-seas has told me my breast fed with
love and life my hips are rounded and
fara by such women they say have sons
[Music]
well is Egypt show me the way
[Applause]
[Music]
you